{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\title Helium}
{\author Carlos Santiago}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs27 \cf0 He3 (formerly Helium 3)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 CD M Santiago built the He3 app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by CD M Santiago at no cost and is intended for use as is.\
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.\
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Helium unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Information Collection and Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 I do not require, or collect, any personally identifiable information for use of my Service, so none is shared. Any information collected is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.\
The app might use third party services that may collect information used to identify you, typically in browsing web sites.\
There are no third party service providers used in the making of the app.\
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, I collect data and information on your device called History. This History collection can be disabled, or might be useful in use of the Service, and can be cleared within the app. There is otherwise no export or extraction of History or use beyond the Service itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Cookies\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.\
This Service does not use these \'93cookies\'94 explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use \'93cookies\'94 to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Service Providers\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 We do not employ third-party companies or individuals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 I value your trust by not requiring nor soliciting your Personal Information. The Service does not need, use or collect your Personal Information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Links to Other Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Children\'92s Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 These Services do not address anyone under the age of 17. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone. In the case I discover personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at slashlos@me.com.\
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.\
}